c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\tfcakila.exe.config
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\tfcakila.exe
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\tfcakila.pdb
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.administrateur.resources
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.Form1.resources
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.exe
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.pdb
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.acceuil.resources
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.utilisateur.resources
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.eleve.resources
c:\users\akila\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.secretaire.resources
C:\Users\AKILA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.dll
C:\Users\AKILA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\Bunifu.Licensing.dll
C:\Users\AKILA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.xml
C:\Users\AKILA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.section.resources
C:\Users\AKILA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.classe.resources
C:\Users\AKILA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.enseignant.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\tfcakila.exe.config
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.exe
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.pdb
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\tfcakila.exe
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\tfcakila.pdb
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.dll
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\Bunifu.Licensing.dll
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\bin\Debug\Bunifu.UI.WinForms.BunifuButton.xml
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.acceuil.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.administrateur.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.classe.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.eleve.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.enseignant.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.Form1.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.secretaire.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.section.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.utilisateur.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.cours.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.inscription.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.aceuilcool.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.sec.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.jury.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.brassage.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.proviseur.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.Form2.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.mixage.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.controllisteinscri.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.rapportsec.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.Form3.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.Form4.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.affectense.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.utrap.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.rapafec.resources
D:\tfc\tfcakila\tfcakila\obj\Debug\tfcakila.rapportsprov.resources
